# ObjectExtensions.GetValueOrDefault(*TSource*, *TResult*) Method 
 

Gets a value using a specified value selector or a specified default value. The value selector gets the source object as input parameter.

**Namespace:**&nbsp;<a href="4964ee26-fcfd-8bcf-015a-9894fbfc7ff9.md">EgonsoftHU.Extensions</a><br />**Assembly:**&nbsp;EgonsoftHU.ObjectExtensions (in EgonsoftHU.ObjectExtensions.dll) Version: 1.0.0

## Syntax

**C#**<br />
``` C#
public static TResult GetValueOrDefault<TSource, TResult>(
	this TSource sourceObject,
	Func<TSource, TResult> valueSelector,
	TResult defaultValue
)
where TSource : class

```

**VB**<br />
``` VB
<ExtensionAttribute>
Public Shared Function GetValueOrDefault(Of TSource As Class, TResult) ( 
	sourceObject As TSource,
	valueSelector As Func(Of TSource, TResult),
	defaultValue As TResult
) As TResult
```


#### Parameters
&nbsp;<dl><dt>sourceObject</dt><dd>Type: *TSource*<br />The source object that can be used by a value selector.</dd><dt>valueSelector</dt><dd>Type: <a href="http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb549151" target="_blank">System.Func</a>(*TSource*, *TResult*)<br />A value selector that gets the source object as input parameter and returns a value.</dd><dt>defaultValue</dt><dd>Type: *TResult*<br />The value to be returned if the source object is null or the value returned by the value selector is the default value of the return type.</dd></dl>

#### Type Parameters
&nbsp;<dl><dt>TSource</dt><dd>The type of the source object.</dd><dt>TResult</dt><dd>The type of the value that is returned by the value selector.</dd></dl>

#### Return Value
Type: *TResult*<br />Returns a value returned by the specified value selector if source object is not null and the returned value is not the default value of the return type; otherwise, the specified default value.

#### Usage Note
In Visual Basic and C#, you can call this method as an instance method on any object of type . When you use instance method syntax to call this method, omit the first parameter. For more information, see <a href="http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb384936.aspx">Extension Methods (Visual Basic)</a> or <a href="http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb383977.aspx">Extension Methods (C# Programming Guide)</a>.

## Exceptions
&nbsp;<table><tr><th>Exception</th><th>Condition</th></tr><tr><td><a href="http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/27426hcy" target="_blank">ArgumentNullException</a></td><td>Thrown when the value selector is null.</td></tr></table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="0ae3de50-bf50-0f13-79f9-e1b2fe936219.md">ObjectExtensions Class</a><br /><a href="4964ee26-fcfd-8bcf-015a-9894fbfc7ff9.md">EgonsoftHU.Extensions Namespace</a><br />